The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Is one city in Pakistan. Is it Karachi? What does that city,
why can't I remember the name that, uh, is that it,
that was one of the cities that, um, uh,
Shane Smith from vice was saying was one of the most terrifying places on earth.
Oh yeah, because the, the, the sheer cheapness of murder,
how cheap it is to get someone murdered over there and how much murder and crime
goes on over there, God,
it's just a totally different metric for how you view the world.
Totally different perception of what life is worth and what life is like and
what kind of violence you have to deal with on a daily basis.
It's gone. I know there's a lot of very dark places.
That's why I don't like to travel.
You don't want to travel at.
All. I do like to travel, but I don't,
I'm starting to cross off a bunch of places.
To sketch. Yeah.
You know,
between getting parasites that make you have to poop in a bag and send to your
doctor or ending up in like real violent places that don't have the same
kind of, uh, rules that.
You know, my friend, Justin Wren, who runs a fight for the forgotten charity,
he was.
Just wearing his shirt at the beach yesterday.
It's awesome. The best guy ever. Yeah.
He has a new intestinal parasite.
That's draining him and he doesn't know what the. Oh yeah. Yeah.
He's got something that he caught when he was over there. Now.
That's what I'm afraid of. He's really sick.
Easy, really?
Yeah. He's really going to be okay. I don't know.
They're going to have to, um, hopefully identify it. Yeah.
They have to figure out what it is.
Figure out how he got it figured out what's going on.
That's no joke what happened in the Dominican Republic didn't they,
people died because they were drinking from the minibar to hear that story.
Yes. Yes. There's.
A lot of sketch.
Yeah.
They were saying that people were putting stuff in the mini bar that wasn't
actually alcohol. Yeah.
The story that I had heard was that they would put cheap substitutes for
whatever the alcohol was supposed to be so that people would pay for it.
And then, you know,
they would steal the actual liquor and replace it with something else and then
people would drink and it was like.
And they were dying. People really die. Yeah. Yeah.
Terrible. I hope, I don't know what the actual story was,
but somebody else described it saying like,
one thing is you concentrate on statistics. And I don't know if this is true,
we should find out, but that if you concentrate on statistics,
then it seems like a lot of people die in the Dominican Republic when they were
over there.
But the reality is that it's just the way we're looking at it because we've
chosen to start focusing on people who die over there. But in fact,
it's like commensurate with people that die over here when they're on vacation.
Right.
But it is only a certain number go to that resort,
you know?
Yeah. One resort, I believe it was. Yeah. I think so. Well,
a lot of people go to the Dominican or not now,
but a lot of people were there last year. Yeah.
So would you go back after all this?
No. First of all,
I saw a story about a couple that went there and got hookworm in their feet. Oh.
You can tell from the beach.
That I was already like,
maybe not going back and now that you can't even drink from the mini bar,
I'm like, you know what? There's nice places in Laguna beach. Yeah.
Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Look Guna.
Did you know that hookworms responsible breach, hookworms responsible for the,
um, the stereotype of the Southern dummy?
No. Yeah. What do you mean?
People walking around the south barefoot were getting hookworm and mass
and hookworm has a detrimental effect on your ability to think
Literally compromises your mental ability. It makes you.
So like the trope of like a hillbilly.
Yup. Yup. Do we find out about that from Peter Hotez?
Is that who told us that I had a beard?
How a worm gave the south a bad name?
Oh my God.
Hookworms once sapped,
the American south of its health and few realize that they continue to afflict
millions. Gee. Yeah.
He looked so creepy.
It with the way you think makes you tired because you fatigue.
Yeah. His podcast exhaustion. Listen, this weeks later,
victim succumb to an insatiable exhaustion and impenetrable haziness of the
mind that some called stupidity adults neglected their fields and children group
pale and listless victims develop grossly distended,
bellies and angel wings, a macerated shoulder blades accentuated by hunching,
all gazed out deli from sunken sockets with a tail tail fish eyes
stare. That is the stereotype of people from the south.
And we just always thought that they're just living in hot weather and they're
just stupid. It really was,
was worm was hookworm.
None amazing. This podcast started off. We were having fun.
We were talking about looking at you though.
The culprit behind the germ of laziness as the south affliction was sometimes
called, was neck contour.
American-ness the American murderer,
better known as the hookworm it's called the American murder.
Are they still out there?
Millions of those blood-sucking parasites live fed. Yeah, for sure.
And died within the guts of up to 40% of the population stretching from
Southeastern Texas to West Virginia.
Can you imagine 40% of the population of the south
in these places from Texas to West Virginia was infected
40% of the population with a worm that makes you dumb.
I'm never going anywhere ever again. Incredible. That's this that's insane,
but that's what.
The stereotype came from. Wow.
How wild crazy. That's insane.
You know how many people are getting right now getting Lyme disease and Lyme
disease, all that doesn't make you lazy. It's wrecks your health.
For years. Yep. That.
Is happening right now in the east coast. It's all it's over.
These cause my kids were back there working on a farm over the,
over the summer and my daughter had a tick on her. We freaked out.
I should freak out. Yeah, you gotta get it off before 24 hours. And you know,
but you also, if you do get infected,
you have to get on antibiotics really quickly, super fast.
There's a woman who wrote a book about, um, Lyme disease,
possibly being, uh,
a military biological weapon that accidentally was released.
Really? Yeah.
Apparently this is a popular thought that there's something about
Lyme disease.
That Lyme disease doesn't necessarily make sense how quickly it came from
this one area like this Lyme Connecticut area and how rapidly
it spread and how devastating its impact was.
And there is apparently there's has been some research that's
been done.
I'm not some quite a bit of research has done on various biological weapons and
various distribution methods.
And one of the thoughts of a lot of these distribution methods is infecting
bugs,
infecting bugs with some designer disease and then infecting the
population. Like if you release the bugs on this area that you wanted to attack,
like at a certain point in time and you infected giant chunks of the
population, right.
Then you would be able to go back there 10 years later and everybody would be.
Wow. Yeah. But this, this is something that biological diseases,
whether it's anthrax, like things along those lines, they terrifying,
but they've made those forever, you know, they've,
they've had that and people have been aware of that forever,
but the idea of it being something that's in a bug and that can infect.
That's terrifying. Yeah. You trying to make it,
are you trying to make it that I don't go out of my house trying to freak you
out, bro. No, it's weird that it's. I mean, we,
I don't remember being around when we were.
It was not around and I think it took a while for anybody to figure out what the
it was. Um, how about.
The new mosquitoes that we have? Yes. Well,
there's also never had these mosquitoes before.
There's a recent case of a horrible disease breaking out in the east coast.
I think somewhere in Massachusetts, there were some, uh,
horrible mosquito borne disease. What did that w what does that uh,
thing say about the ticks about Lyme disease? What is the book.
It's called bitten? Yes. That's fine. Chris newbie.
K with K R.
I S. Chris, is that a man or a woman? It's a.
Woman. I believe she discovered the circumstantial evidence,
like the outbreak of Lyme disease in the 1960s, the us military.
Some people say this is, but uh, some people say it's just.
Who some people put up the articles so we can see it.
It's the middle of the can give me a spread it out so I can see it
scroll down. Okay. The DOD go back up,
stop the DOD extreme care evolve,
its research programs to ensure the protection of our personnel and the
community. What does that when Smith announced his amendment, okay,
this is this too much.
There says a there's just too much evidence for a reasonable man or woman to
just turn the page and say, put on your tinfoil hat.
This is just a conspiracy theory. Smith said.
And yet people with credentials will say that, which begs the question.
Why would they even say that Chris newbie wrote the book?
Bitten said she discovered circumstantial evidence linking the outbreak of Lyme
disease in the 1960s. That's what you said from the us military as proof new,
besides an interview that she had stopped right there with will Berg,
Dover, American scientists who discovered what causes Lyme disease,
who told her shortly before his death,
that he had been instructed to keep his research any possible.
Cause for Lyme disease, a secret,
my hypothesis was is that the biological weapon,
they were trying to cover up that, oh, my hypothesis is,
that was the biological weapon. They were trying to cover up, said newbie,
a science writer at the Stanford school of medicine in California.
I don't believe it. Hmm. It seems like a lot of malarkey.
She said I can't connect the dots right now.
So it's going to be who survived Lyme disease.
My theory is that it was a genetically engineered.
Rick kept see a bacteria, but as a journalist, I can't prove that.
So when she's saying, then she says.
Pulling stuff out, she wrote a book. She wrote a book. Yeah. Yeah.
I ain't buying it, but that's not to say that does worry me more than anything.
I think she's a Hoser. I don't know her personally,
but if you had to guess probably, but I think that, uh, it's your bread.
Yeah. I would never give her my bread. Uh,
that scares me more than anything though. Plague plague of some sort.
I always feel like we should be, uh, keeping some medicine in the house.
Plagued medicine.
Yeah.
Like walk on. I don't know. Tetra recycling, duct. Good for plague.
I don't know.
What the, you gotta take something.
What the hell.
Could be good for? Plates depends what the plague is. Really. If it's a flu,
there's certain things you can take. If it's nice. It's crazy.
War bugs. Probably nothing,
but there's so many people and it's so gross and you could see how people just
coughing in the airports without covering their mouths. That's going to happen.